c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\Shopping.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
c:\users\vusi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Vusi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\ServiceLayer.dll
C:\Users\Vusi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Shopping.Data.dll
C:\Users\Vusi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\ServiceLayer.pdb
C:\Users\Vusi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Shopping.Data.pdb
